A simple asynchronous network server that handles incoming HTTP requests. In this case, the network server is handling the contents of textfiles that are found within the project location. The program starts off by generating 100 textfiles with random characters written to them. This was done to establish that the text files were properly being displayed on the localhost. Following this, a call to logging.basicConfig creates a logging system with the default formatter on. This means that every time there is an HTTP request, there will be a log entry printed to the console. A call to asyncio.get_event_loop() will get the asynchronous event loop for the program. The following line of code will create a new asynchronous task with this event loop. In this case, the task that is to be run asynchronously is apprun(). apprun() simply gets the localhost running on the web and has route handles depending on what the user is looking for. In this example, if you type localhost8080:/file0.txt, it will display the contents of file0.txt in your web browser. This is because the app that is beign launched is a web application. The await statements that are present in the apprun() function are simply pausing execution of the code in apprun() while the website being hosted on localhost8080 is being setup.

Finally, a print statement is utilized to notify the user that the server has officially started and that they may view the contents of the textfile on localhost:8080. Back in the main function, the event will run until the apprun() task is complete. In this case, the loop.run_forever() means that the network server will run indefinetely until the user decides to terminate the program. The handle() function simply handles each HTTP request and reads in what is to be processed from the text file.
